I am looking to create a piece of software that recreates the game featured in ZaneGames video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10x-S7t1Tq0&t=1550s
It is basically the game "25 words or less" with a focus on Pokemon and a couple of rule twists from the original game. 

To start the game, one player becomes the first "hint giver" (I think we could use a better term than this), and they are given a list of 10 words that are randomized from a pool of words spanning Pokemon, items, gym leaders, professors, etc. - there is a list at the bottom of this message that will attempt to list all of the possibilities, and we will have different "modes" such as Classic mode which will include mainly Pokemon, items, gym leaders, professors, gym badges, game titles, side games, and towns, and then I might eventually want to expand into even more categories such as abilities, moves, etc. for a "hard mode"; and then I would also love a "custom" mode where players can choose each of their 10 words instead of randomizing, and they can also select which categories are in or out. 

The hint giver is allowed to "reroll" these 10 randomized words, but it will essentially cost them a hint for the first reroll, and +1 for each successive reroll, so a second reroll will fill up an additoinal 2 hints (so 3 total), a third reroll would cost 3 hints, so 6 total to start their turn.  As you can see in the screenshot, there is a grid of 40 elements where the hint giver's hints will go. During the hint giver's turn, they will be able to add any number of new hints to the list, and they will be able to select any combination of these hints in order to complete a full "hint". For example, if I am the hint giver and the first word on my list that I want the guessers to get is "Bulbasaur", I might add the words "grass" as one word, and "starter" as another word, and then I would be able to select "grass + starter" and submit this as my hint for the round. Each guesser will then be able to submit one guess based on that hint, so one player might guess "Sprigattito", or another "Snivy". If no one gets the right answer, the hint giver may start a new hint. The first guesser to submit the correct word will be the "winner" of that word and will be awarded 1 point. The hint giver may start a new hint at any time, even if not all players have submitted a word guess for that "round". The hint giver's full hint may be a combination of any of the previous words, does not necessarily have to involve any new words, and may include duplicates, and they may also choose to just repeat their previous hint so that the guessers can guess again. For example, I may choose to submit "grass starter" again if I think the guessers might be able to get it with another try. Or as another example, if the target word is "Ninetales", I may choose to use the word "Tail" and then make the hint "Tail Tail Tail Tail Tail Tail Tail Tail Tail", a clever way to get them to guess Ninetales. 

The guessers will be able to search the full database of pokemon, items, gym leaders, etc. and see live search results as they type letters in the guess text field, and then click on an option to submit their answer for that hint. In keeping with the traditional rules of the game, guessers ARE allowed to submit multiple guesses per hint, but it will actually cost them a point, so they need to be careful not to jump the gun. They can still get the correct answer on a successive guess like this, but since they would only get one point for the correct answer, it would effectively cancel out the 1 point penalty for multiple guesses. However, future iterations of the game may be able to modify some of these rules, so we should follow good design and logic here. 

The goal of the hint giver is to get the guessers to guess each of the 10 words, IN ORDER, in the least amount of unique words. The words that the hint giver chooses can be literally anything - the goal is that it is one word, or maybe one "phrase" or "idea", but I don't think we need to necessarily build in logic to check this initially, it can just be honor system to start. For example, in the video, one of Zane's words is "The Police", as in the band, which is acceptable as a word. However, something like "grass starter" as a single word should not be allowed. Maybe eventually we can build in some kind of engine that attempts to auto-complete or help the hint giver search for words or ensure correct spelling, but again I think to start we can just have this be an open text box. Maybe at a minimum we disallow duplicated words that match a previous word in that round. To follow with this logic, the successive rerolls could be labeled as words like "reroll 1", "reroll 2a", "reroll 2b", etc. 

The 10 elements on the right side of the screenshot are the 10 target words that the guessers must guess in order. They will be hidden to the guessers, and revealed one by one as correct guesses are submitted. Also, it might be fun to add a feature where, if two players do submit the correct answer within like 0.5 seconds of each other, it will award a point to both. For the hint giver, all 10 target words will be visible, and we can indicate with different colors (for the hint giver and for guessers) which target words have been successfully guessed, and a profile picture / icon of which player(s) got each target word. 

As you can see on the bottom of the screenshot, we will display a scoreboard of each player's score, as well as an icon indicating which player is currently the hint giver. I think I would like to keep "current round score" and "total score" separate until the end of each round,  i.e. we can display each players' total score in the main box, and then we can display like a running total for the round above that point total, so if I have 15 points and then we start a new round and say I guess two words correctly, we would still display 15 as my total point score, and then we would put a little green "+2" above it to indicate how many I will get at the end of the current round. We could maybe also do this for the hint giver, e.g. it starts as +25 and keeps decreasing as they add words. I think I may have mentioned this somewhere, but a guesser correctly guessing a target word awards them a point. However, it has to be the active target word. So if my first target word is Bulbasaur and my second target word is Bellsprout, and I give a word hint "grass", and someone guesses Bellsprout before Bulbasaur has been guessed, then it would not count. I would consider changing this at some point, but that is how the rules will be to start.

By "round", I mean one player getting all 10 of their target words guessed (or failing to do so in 25 or 40 or however many maximum words we decide to do), at which point we would move on to the next player as hint giver, starting a new round. The number of rounds can be customized at the start of a new game by the host. More on that later.

Speaking of host, let's talk a bit about the technical side. This will be a web app. I am very familiar with React, but I am open to any kind of framework that would be best for this project. The goal is to have a main menu, which will initially just be a main "Play Game" button, but will eventually involve different sections such as a login/auth/profile section where players can save and see their stats, set a profile picture, etc., and also see a leaderboard of all players, potentially an options screen, etc.  For now, the main Play Game button will take players to a screen similar to the "Rooms" page on https://colonist.io/  - at the very top it shows the current user's name, which at the early stages can just be a text input so that the user can set their display name for each game, but later on once we have auth/profiles, this will just display the user's set username and profile picture. Right under that is a table of Game Lobbies, with columns for Mode (Classic, Advanced, Custom), and then a kind of visual icon indicator showing how many maximum players the host is allowing, and then how many players are currently in the room shown by like a filled in player icon or something, or maybe the players' profile pictures. Game lobbies that are open, not in progress, and not full should be prioritized first on the list and display a "Join" button. At the bottom of the list, I'm thinking it would be cool to show a row for like "## Private Lobbies", e.g. "5 Private Lobbies" indicating that there are 5 lobbies that are open but are set to private / invite only. And then another row underneath that one which displays e.g. "24 Games In-Progress", which would include both public and private games that are in progress. 

And then underneath that table of Game Lobbies, we should have two buttons: one should say "Create New Lobby" and the other should say "Join Lobby". Clicking Create Lobby should bring the user to a new screen where they are the host of a new lobby. At the top of this lobby screen will be the lobby code, and next to that should be a slider for Private/Public, initially set to Private. This lobby code should be long enough to ensure that we are generating unique lobby codes for each lobby, but also short enough so that users don't have to type in a super long code in order to join; I think in the past I may have had like a 6-digit code or so? It looks like Colonist.io has room IDs like "white4235". There should be a "copy" icon next to the lobby code that automatically copies the code to that person's clipboard so they can easily send it to a friend, and maybe even as an advanced feature we could have a "share" icon that brings up like the share bottom sheet on an iphone, but is there an equivalent for that on web? 

Underneath the room ID and Private/Public slider should be the game mode selector/slider with options for Classic, Advanced, or Custom. Depending on which is currently selected will determine which options appear below that, e.g. Classic will just display an option to change the number of rounds. I would like to make a distinction between "how many turns does each player get at hint giver" and "how many total rounds", e.g. maybe it looks something like "Each player is hint giver {#} times", where the {#} is a number selector field, and then maybe beside that line of text could be like a "{#} total rounds" text, which would dynamically update based on the number that they have set for how many times each player gets to be hint giver and the number of players in the lobby, e.g. if I have it set to each player getting to be hint giver twice and I have 3 players in the lobby, this extra text would display "6 total rounds", and if another player was to join the lobby, it would dynamically update to "8 total rounds". Then underneath that, we could also display little badges that indicate which categories are "in" for that game, which for classic would be Pokemon, Items, Gym Leaders, Badges, Professors, etc.  The layout is essentially same for when Advanced is selected at the top, other than the category badges updating to reflect the added advanced categories. When Custom is selected, we should display more options, starting with the same selector for how many times each player gets to be hint giver (I still think we need a better term for this lol). Then an additional option for being able to select how many target words should be in each round, defaulting to 10 but being adjustable down to 1 and up to let's say 20 (this will actually be a challenge to account for in the UI, so maybe we just keep that in mind but don't worry about it too much to start). 

Then we could also have additional configurable options for being able to change how many words the hint giver has access to, defaulting to 25 and being configurable down to 1 and up to 50. There could also be another related field that has to do with how many maximum words the hint giver can have, which is slightly different than how many words they can have before they start losing points. Let me explain. As you may see in the screenshot, there are 40 word boxes for the hint giver: 1-10 are colored green, 11-20 are colored yellow, 21-25 are red, 26-30 are light gray, 31-35 are a charcoal gray, and 36-40 are very dark gray, close to black; technically there are two different "limits" in the game demonstrated in the screenshot/video, there is the limit of 25, which dictates how many points the hint giver will be awarded at the end of the round based on how many words they needed to use. So if they used 5 words to get their 10 target words guessed, they would be awarded 20 points, since they had 25-5=20 hints "remaining". However there is also the second limit of 40, which effectively isn't actually any different than the 25 other than deciding at which point the hint giver crosses 0 and enters into negative points, up to 40 words, i.e. the hint giver could technically get -15 points. The round would end if the hint giver is unable to have their target words guessed after a final hint is given. So the first configurable option (25 as default) basically decides the maximum amount of points that the hint giver can get, corresponding inversely with how many words they use in order to get their target words guessed correctly, down to 0; and then the second number (40 as default) dictates how many additional words the hint giver can give, with each additional word past the 25 limit giving -1 point (e.g. if they use 27 words then they would get -2 points at the end of round once all target words are guessed). The first limit, 25 default, could be configurable all the way down to 1 and all the way up to let's say 50. And the second limit could be configurable down to 1 or up to 50 let's say. Important note: we should have some kind of check that the second limit is always equal to or greater than the first limit, i.e. we cannot have a first limit of 20 and a second limit of 15. If both limit are set to 20, for example, that just means that the hint giver cannot get negative points and the round would just end with them getting 0 points, whether the guessers get all of the target words on the final hint or not. 

Next, we could have a Custom configurable rule allowing the host to change how many points are awarded for each correct guess by the guessers, defaulting to 1, able to go down to 0 and up to let's say 5. We could maybe also do a "points per remaining word" for the hint giver, e.g. if we have the default limits of 25 and 40 and the hint giver uses 20 words, but say we have this rule set to 5 points per remaining word, then instead of just 5 points for the hint giver, they would get 25. But this is not a priority to start. 

Underneath those options, we should have a selector setting an option where the target words are either randomized or manually chosen by the hint givers. For a randomized game, the 10 target words are chosen at the start of each hint giver's turn, where they are allowed to reroll according to the rules I mentioned earlier. For a manually chosen game, all players choose their custom words all at the same time once the game starts. E.g. maybe there is a timer set for 3 minutes and each player gets a chance to select their target words, and they do it at the same time so that all players aren't just waiting several minutes doing nothing in between each round while they wait for the next hint giver to choose words. Note that if the option for how many times each player gets to be the hint giver is set to 2+, players would choose words for 1 of these go-arounds, then play rounds so that each player gets to be hint giver once, and then there would be another phase of all players selecting their next 10 words, and then they would play those rounds out. In other words, if you have that option set to 2 or more times that each player gets to be hint giver, paired with the "manually choose" option for target words, then you still choose sets of words all at the same time, "one set of rounds at a time" until you reach that number that that option is set to. 

Finally, underneath those options will be the category badges, which when Custom game mode is selected will become selectable, where clicking each one will select/deselect it and cause the colors/styles to reflect "selected" and "deselected". 
Finally underneath all of those options on the Lobby screen, we should have a "Ready Up" checkbox and a "Start Game" button. Ready Up should change a player's status from Not Ready to Ready, and should be able to be selected and deselected. Any change in rules should reset players' statuses to Not Ready. The Start Game button should only become pressable once all players in the lobby are Ready, and it should also only be visible to the host, since they are the only one with the power to start the game. All of the aforementioned options and selectors should be visible to non-host players, so that they can see the rules of the game, but should not be interactable/changeable by non-hosts. 
Back on the main Game Lobbies screen, the Join Lobby button should bring up a simple modal prompting the user to type in a Lobby Code / Room ID, which will then attempt to join an existing lobby with a matching room id. I am thinking that this can apply to both private and public games, i.e. a private game needs a room id in order for players to join, while a public game can just be joined from the game lobbies screen, but I also think it would be fine that public games also had room ids (especially because games can be changed from public to private and back, and I dont think we need to change the room id when this is done), so then players can click Join Lobby and type in the room id. This might be nice if there are a ton of open lobbies and they don't necessarily want to scroll through all of them or something. Also, when I mentioned the "Share" icon earlier within the game lobby screen, it would be super cool if instead of a room id, we could also just have a link that would automatically join the game lobby for that new player, rather than someone needing to go to the website, go to the game lobbies screen, click join lobby, and then paste in the room id and then join. Just a user expereince feature once we get to that point. 

It's important to note that we do want to have some kind of word parser that prevents players from choosing words that match all or part of a target word. For example, if poke ball is a target word, then "Ball" cannot be a word from the hint giver, whether or not poke ball is the active target word or a future target word. This may become tricky, perhaps we have unintended chunks of pokemon names or something that matches a hint giver's word even if they don't intend to, as a bad example say the target word is like Lilliballigant (a fake pokemon name), and the hint giver tries to use the hint "ball", then that is a tough decision to make whether we allow it or not. We can discuss this more in depth as we go. 

I previously mentioned that players will eventually be able to login, have a profile, see stats, and even view a leaderboard of all players. To support this type of tracking, we should be very intentional about how we can record different events in the game, game results, etc.  While not all of it has to be included right from the start, I at least want to give ourselves a strong foundation for being able to implement this in the future without pigeonholing ourselves into any one paradigm or needing to rework a bunch to get features like this to work. 

I was also thinking that we could implement some kind of difficult increase the further you are on the target words list, mainly for the randomized option. For example, I think it's nice when the first couple of target words are Pokemon, as getting a gym leader or town or something difficult right off the bat feels kinda brutal. Maybe we just keep it simple to start and have it be random, and then we could implement something simple like making sure the first 1 or 2 are pokemon, or that 2 of the first 3 are pokemon, or that there are at least X amount of pokemon on the full list, etc. etc.  

Ok returning to some technical stuff. This will require a pretty massive database of Pokemon stuff. Not only Pokemon names, items, gym leaders/badges, etc., but I also think it would be AWESOME if we could have images for all of these things too. I am wondering if something like PokeAPI would be able to satisfy our needs here? If not, I'm sure we can at least compile the lists of pokemon and items and stuff, but getting images for all would be tougher. Let's look into this before we get too deep into some other aspects. 
I would also like to implement real-time updates so that players are essentially seeing actions happen in real time and their game states stay synced up. Examples could include: as soon as a player submits a guess, the name and image of their guess pops up above their player card / score (this is also an editing effect that Zane does in his video); updating the target words list to show when words have successfully been guessed, updating colors, showing which player(s) got it, updating round scores, etc. 
I believe this will probably be WebSockets? I remember doing a multiplayer online tic tac toe and using websockets. Open to any suggestions. I am also a HUGE fan of Convex but am unsure if it would be a good framework to use here. I would be ecstatic if it would work, but I'm okay with others if it makes more sense. 

For hosting, I personally really like Vercel, and have also used Netlify and a couple others. I have used Render for backend deployment if that would be needed as well. 

We can try to emulate a similar color scheme, styling, etc. as the screenshot, i.e. geometric shapes for the different word boxes, target word boxes, player scores, etc., with simple and vibrant colors and fonts. 

Ok here is a general list of stuff I would consider including as categories. Not all will or need to be included, this is more of a braindump so we can consider all of our options:
Pokemon
Types
Games
Gym Badges
Professors
Items
Moves
Gym Leaders
Abilities
Towns
Regions
Terminology, e.g. "Super effective", "Critical hit", "dual-type"
More!